---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sneller_table Data Source - sneller"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides table configuration.
---

# sneller_table (Data Source)

Provides table configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sneller_table" "test" {
  database = "test-db"
  table    = "test-table"
}

output "inputs" {
  value = [for i in data.sneller_table.test.inputs : i.pattern]
}

output "partition_fields" {
  value = [for p in data.sneller_table.test.partitions : p.field]  
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) Database name.
- `table` (String) Table name.

### Optional

- `region` (String) Region where the table is located. If not set, then the tenant's home region is assumed.
- `retention_policy` (Attributes) Synthetic field that is generated from parts of an input URI and used to partition table data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--retention_policy))

### Read-Only

- `beta_features` (List of String) List of feature flags that can be used to turn on features for beta-testing.
- `id` (String) Terraform identifier.
- `inputs` (Attributes List) The input definition specifies where the source data is located and it format. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inputs))
- `location` (String) S3 url where the table is stored (i.e. `s3://sneller-cache-bucket/db/test-db/test-table/`).
- `partitions` (Attributes List) Synthetic field that is generated from parts of an input URI and used to partition table data.. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partitions))
- `skip_backfill` (Boolean) Skip scanning the source bucket(s) for matching objects when the first objects are inserted into the table.

<a id="nestedatt--retention_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retention_policy`

Read-Only:

- `field` (String) Path expression for the field used to determine the age of a record for the purpose of the data retention policy. Currently only timestamp fields are supported.
- `valid_for` (String) ValidFor is the validity window relative to now. This is a string with a format like `<n>y<n>m<n>d` where `<n>` is a number and any component can be omitted.


<a id="nestedatt--inputs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inputs`

Read-Only:

- `csv_hints` (Attributes Map) Ingestion hints for CSV input. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inputs--csv_hints))
- `format` (String) Format of the input data (`json`, `json.gz`, `json.zst`, `cloudtrail.json.gz`, `csv`, `csv.gz`, `csv.zst`, `tsv`, `tsv.gz`, `tsv.zst`).
- `json_hints` (Attributes List) Ingestion hints for JSON input. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inputs--json_hints))
- `pattern` (String) Pattern definition to specify the source pattern (i.e. `s3://sneller-source-bucket/data/*.ndjson`).
- `tsv_hints` (Attributes Map) Ingestion hints for TSV input. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inputs--tsv_hints))

<a id="nestedatt--inputs--csv_hints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inputs.csv_hints`

Optional:

- `fields` (Attributes List) specify hints for each field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inputs--csv_hints--fields))

Read-Only:

- `missing_values` (List of String) list of values that represent a missing value.
- `separator` (String) specify a custom separator (defaults to `,`).
- `skip_records` (Number) skip the first *N* records (useful when headers are used).

<a id="nestedatt--inputs--csv_hints--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inputs.csv_hints.fields`

Optional:

- `allow_empty` (Boolean) Allow empty values (only valid for strings) to be ingested. If flag is set to false, then the field won't be written for the record instead.
- `false_values` (List of String) Optional list of values that represent FALSE (only valid for bool type).
- `missing_values` (List of String) Optional list of values that represents a missing value.
- `no_index` (Boolean) ADon't use sparse-indexing for this value (only valid for date-time type).
- `true_values` (List of String) Optional list of values that represent TRUE (only valid for bool type).

Read-Only:

- `default` (String) Default value if the column is an empty string
- `format` (String) Ingestion format (i.e. different data formats)
- `name` (String) Field-name (use dots to make it a subfield)
- `type` (String) Type of field (or ignore)



<a id="nestedatt--inputs--json_hints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inputs.json_hints`

Required:

- `field` (String) Field name.
- `hints` (List of String) Hints.


<a id="nestedatt--inputs--tsv_hints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inputs.tsv_hints`

Optional:

- `fields` (Attributes List) specify hints for each field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inputs--tsv_hints--fields))

Read-Only:

- `missing_values` (List of String) list of values that represent a missing value.
- `skip_records` (Number) skip the first *N* records (useful when headers are used).

<a id="nestedatt--inputs--tsv_hints--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inputs.tsv_hints.fields`

Optional:

- `allow_empty` (Boolean) Allow empty values (only valid for strings) to be ingested. If flag is set to false, then the field won't be written for the record instead.
- `false_values` (List of String) Optional list of values that represent FALSE (only valid for bool type).
- `missing_values` (List of String) Optional list of values that represents a missing value.
- `no_index` (Boolean) ADon't use sparse-indexing for this value (only valid for date-time type).
- `true_values` (List of String) Optional list of values that represent TRUE (only valid for bool type).

Read-Only:

- `default` (String) Default value if the column is an empty string
- `format` (String) Ingestion format (i.e. different data formats)
- `name` (String) Field-name (use dots to make it a subfield)
- `type` (String) Type of field (or ignore)




<a id="nestedatt--partitions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partitions`

Read-Only:

- `field` (String) Name of the partition field. If this field conflicts with a field in the input data, the partition field will override it.
- `type` (String) Type of the partition field.
- `value` (String) Template string that is used to produce the value for the partition field.


